Adjust literals in styling guide to SC Design System (#947)
SonarSource/rspec: docs/styling_guide.adoc

 * size,
 * length.

== Literals

> Inline literals (backtick) should be used to highlight short values inline with body text.

Reviewer: Suggestion to add an "s" to backtick:
```suggestion
Inline literals (backticks) should be used to highlight short inline values in the body text.
```

Suggestions to reformulate the sentence:
```suggestion
Inline literals (backticks) should be used to highlight short inline values in the body text.
```

I am not sure whether the original sentence is English, but maybe I lack diversity in English grammar. 

Just after writing that, I noticed that it was the wording of the SonarCloud, so... I guess it works haha

Author: Okay, I have updated the sentence. I just removed the body text part, much simpler now.

Reviewer: 🚀 awesome

Use when referencing variable names, file names, tokens, and all kinds of specific strings of text that should be visually extracted from the surrounding default text.

> Write:: Compiling source file `src/generic_file.py` breaks an `assert` call in pytest framework.
> Avoid:: Compiling source file "src/generic_file.py" breaks an `assert` call in `pytest` framework.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also backtick the `pytest` keyword?

```suggestion
Write:: Compiling source file `src/generic_file.py` breaks an `assert` call in `pytest` framework.
Avoid:: Compiling source file "src/generic_file.py" breaks an `assert` call in "pytest" framework.
```
